feat: actions and sign in sections (#258)
worldcoin/world-id-docs: src/pages/id/cloud.mdx

# Cloud Incognito Actions

IDKit is required in your app's frontend for Incognito Actions, and the [zero-knowledge proof](/concepts#vocabulary) received from the user will be verified via the **Developer Portal API** in your backend.

## Creating actions

Create an action for your app in the Developer Portal. You must provide the following values:

    -   **Action Name**: The stringified action to be taken by the user.
    -   **Description**: This is shown to your user in the World app as they sign with their World ID. Make sure to fully describe the exact action the user is taking.
    -   **Max Verifications**: The number of times a user can take this action. A value of `0` indicates that unlimited verifications can take place.

<Note>
	An action scopes uniqueness for users, which means users will always generate the same ID (nullifier hash) when

> 	performing the same action. **Cloud actions** natively handle sybil-resistance with a limit set in the Developer

Reviewer: Feel like this could be talked about in the cloud and on chain sections respectively

>
	{({ open }) => <button onClick={open}>Verify with World ID</button>}
</IDKitWidget>
```

More configuration options can be found in the [IDKit reference](/reference/idkit).

When a user clicks the button, the IDKit modal will open and prompt them to scan a QR code and verify with World ID. Once this proof is received, the optional `handleVerify` callback is called immediately and the `onSuccess` callback will be called when the modal is closed.
One of these callbacks should begin the process of verifying the proof.

### IDKit with Dynamic Actions

To accommodate dynamic content, actions can also be created at the time a user completes a World ID verification. Simply pass the desired `action` and `action_description` values in [IDKit's parameters](/reference/idkit#parameters). A new action will automatically be created and tracked, and will appear the next time you log into the Developer Portal.

As an example, using IDKit with Dynamic Actions may look like this:

```jsx
const getUserChoice = userId => {
	const choice = userChoices['userId']
	return choice
}

return (
	<IDKitWidget
        {/* ... */}
		action={getUserChoice(userId)}

>     action_description="verify for an action"

Reviewer: Spacing is off here

```json {{ title: 'ISuccessResult' }}
{
	"merkle_root": "0x1f38b57f3bdf96f05ea62fa68814871bf0ca8ce4dbe073d8497d5a6b0a53e5e0",
	"nullifier_hash": "0x0339861e70a9bdb6b01a88c7534a3332db915d3d06511b79a5724221a6958fbe",
	"proof": "0x063942fd7ea1616f17787d2e3374c1826ebcd2d41d2394...",
	"verification_level": "orb"
}
```

<Properties>
	<Property name="merkle_root" type="string">
		This is the hash pointer to the root of the Merkle tree that proves membership of the user's identity in the
		list of identities verified by the Orb.
	</Property>
	<Property name="nullifier_hash" type="string">
		The unique identifier for this combination of user, app, and action.
	</Property>
	<Property name="proof" type="string">
		The Zero-knowledge proof of the verification.
	</Property>
	<Property name="verification_level" type='"orb" | "device"'>
		Either `orb` or `device`. Returns the verification_level used to generate the proof.
	</Property>
</Properties>

## Verifying Proofs

This section describes how to verify proofs via the **Developer Portal API**.

<Note type="warning">

>   You must first pass the proof to your backend when verifying proofs via the API. The user can manipulate information in the frontend, so the proof must be verified in a trusted environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You should pass the proof to your backend when verifying proofs via the API. Users can manipulate information in the frontend, so the proof must be verified in a trusted environment.
```

</Note>

> Our backend should receive the `proof`, `merkle_root`, `nullifier_hash`, and `verification_level` from IDKit, as well as the `signal` that was input into IDKit, and send it to the **Developer Portal API** for verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our backend should receive the `proof`, `merkle_root`, `nullifier_hash`, and `verification_level` returned by IDKit, as well as the `signal` that was input into IDKit, and send it to the **Developer Portal API** for verification.
```

> If using Dynamic Actions, you should also pass the `action` ID to the backend.

Reviewer: Action identifier is required for any cloud verification not just dynamic?
